This extension uses the double hash program as a base, with an added SDL
display. This allows us to visualise how the hash table fills up, including 
when resizing occurs. This can help us to evaluate how well a hash function
is distributing words over the hash table, as we should be able to see where
entries clump together.

The program takes one input text file, with a list of words to fill the hash
table with. The program can be exited at any point by pressing a key, mouse 
button, or closing the SDL window. To adjust the speed, the DELAYMS definition
in dhash.h can be changed. The default of 1ms works well for input files with a
few thousand entries (such as the 34words.txt file).

The hash table is fit into the SDL window which has a width of 800 pixels. As
an example, a hash table of size 8000 would fit 10 cells per pixel. The colour
intensity of the pixel is determined by how many of the cells in the position
of that pixel are filled with a word. For the example table of size 8000, if 
the line on the far left (pixel 1 of 800) is black, then all of the 10 hash 
table values from 0-9 are empty. If it is bright red, then all of the 10 hash
table values from 0-9 are filled. When the table is resized the hash table 
visualisation is reset to black, to indicate a new empty hash table has been 
created.

The blue bar at the bottom shows how full the array is. When the bar reaches 
the end, the table has reached the maximum load capacity of 60%, so the table 
will resize. When all words have been added to the hash table the bar will turn
green to indicate the program has finished, then wait for the user to close the 
program.